Documentation example for deploying to Google Cloud with Static Web Apps (#2740)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/deployment-examples/index.mdx

  >
    Learn more about deploying to Cloudflare Pages.
  </Card>
  <Card

>     title="Google Cloud Storage"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="Google Cloud with Cloud Storage"
```
as they named it [here](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/cloud-webapp-hosting-gcs#0)

>     title="Google Cloud with Cloud Storage"
>     href="/deployment-examples/google-cloud-storage"
>   >
>     Learn more about deploying to Google Cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    title="Google Cloud with Static Web Apps"
    href="/deployment-examples/google-cloud-static-web-apps"
  >
    Learn more about deploying to Google Cloud with Static Web Apps.
```
